c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\Sweeter.dll.config
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\Sweeter.dll
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\Sweeter.pdb
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\obj\Debug\Sweeter.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\obj\Debug\Sweeter.dll
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\obj\Debug\Sweeter.pdb
C:\Users\Frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\obj\Debug\Sweeter.Migrations.Initial.resources
C:\Users\Frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\obj\Debug\Sweeter.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\obj\Debug\Sweeter.Migrations.Initial2.resources
C:\Users\Frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\obj\Debug\Sweeter.Migrations.AddUserIdToUserPost.resources
C:\Users\Frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\obj\Debug\Sweeter.Migrations.ModifyFriends.resources
C:\Users\Frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\obj\Debug\Sweeter.Migrations.AddSearch.resources
C:\Users\Frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sweeter\Sweeter\obj\Debug\Sweeter.Migrations.Update.resources
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\Sweeter.dll.config
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\Sweeter.dll
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\Sweeter.pdb
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\EntityFramework.xml
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\System.Spatial.xml
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\obj\Debug\Sweeter.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\obj\Debug\Sweeter.Migrations.Initial.resources
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\obj\Debug\Sweeter.Migrations.Initial2.resources
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\obj\Debug\Sweeter.Migrations.AddUserIdToUserPost.resources
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\obj\Debug\Sweeter.Migrations.ModifyFriends.resources
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\obj\Debug\Sweeter.Migrations.AddSearch.resources
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\obj\Debug\Sweeter.Migrations.Update.resources
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\obj\Debug\Sweeter.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\obj\Debug\Sweeter.dll
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\obj\Debug\Sweeter.pdb
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\EntityFramework.dll
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\System.Spatial.dll
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\WebGrease.dll
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\Org.Mentalis.Security.Cryptography.dll
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\Mono.Math.dll
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\Org.Mentalis.Security.Cryptography.xml
F:\usuarios\alumno\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Sweeter\Sweeter\bin\Mono.Math.xml
